Docs: replacing "setting" to "option" in world docs (#2622)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: worlds/adventure/docs/en_Adventure.md

# Adventure

## Where is the options page?
The [player options page for Adventure](../player-options) contains all the options you need to configure and export a config file.

## What does randomization do to this game?
Adventure items may be distributed into additional locations not possible in the vanilla Adventure randomizer.  All

> Adventure items are added to the multiworld item pool.  Depending on the options, dragon locations may be randomized,

Author: ```suggestion
Adventure items are added to the multiworld item pool.  Depending on the `dragon_rando_type` value, dragon locations may be randomized,
```

Reviewer: Looks good.  No reason not to specify it unless additional options interfere it, and I don't think they do.
